doc: add fastify.display-name symbol (#4191)
fastify/fastify: docs/Reference/Server.md

<a id="pluginName"></a>

Name of the current plugin. The root plugin is called `'fastify'`. There are
different ways to define a name (in order).

1. If you use [fastify-plugin](https://github.com/fastify/fastify-plugin) the
   metadata `name` is used.

> 2. If the exported plugin has the `Symbol.for('fastify.display-name')` property
>    set. Eg: `pluginFn[Symbol.for('fastify.display-name')] = "Custom Name"`

Reviewer: This doesn't read very well. The other items in this list are in the format: "if you do this, then you get that". but this item you added only says: "if you do this". It's quite intuitive but let's aim for a correct structure of the sentence too.

```suggestion
2. If the exported plugin has the `Symbol.for('fastify.display-name')` property, then the value of that property is used.
Example: `pluginFn[Symbol.for('fastify.display-name')] = "Custom Name"`
```
